hello youtube friends i am your brother and
have you ever wanted to be stars
of pop have you ever wanted to be the
new pablo alborán
the new melendi for you are in luck
because to get it you only have
that follow my 5 simple steps step
number 1 compose the song for the
instrumental composition of the song
It is very important to use chords very
basic and simple with obstacles in yes I
be the best topic will be for
example so the first thing that comes to mind
do not
na
and now to give you a little bit more
We are going to look for something with a charm
lalala for example
from air
look at it the highest quality
number 2
write the lyrics a good pop song
Must be gooey and little
imaginative but with a small nuance
have to have some small game of
somewhat confusing words to attract the
public for example
the light of our love shines
lost in another dimension and now we're going
to look for another phrase that is confusing that
it does not make any sense but I can
to play this time to the title of our
song for example
this
and roads without return
has a very reason we already have title
road without return step number three
record and produce the theme this may
is the only step in which it is required
a little bit of talent the production
musical
we started by putting a bass
now a battery
and record it and the lyrics were
if you think
I did not forget that all the songs
pop are equal
of our love lost in another
dimension
and we have the finished song shines
the light of our living north are number
4 change of look
we have to get a look that
attract teen females
insecure we'll start with a shirt
black
a white shirt to below a
good sunglasses really no longer no longer
it takes that now it takes to be
sensitive and following the steps of
melendi or the outburst among others me
I will leave this on my head as a symbol
characteristic and now I only have
What to look for a name that creates a hook
something like
since jacko towers step number 5 the
video clip
sorry
the heat of your lips rubbing against me
body my life
I can not anymore I can more and I want your
smile to my side when I wake up every
day
for you are my sun shines the light of
our love lost in another dimension
It is a path of no return that clouds my
reason
and tears
path
on the way back to those who sing
on the road